docs(self hosted config): repositories array can be object (#14788)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/self-hosted-configuration.md

## repositories

> If you use a `config.js` file, then the `repositories` array can be an object:

Author: The one who was asking if this kind of config was possible was using a `config.js` file.
I don't know if you _must_ use a `config.js` file for the `repositories` array to be an object?

Maybe it will work with a differently named `.js` file as well? Or with some other config?

Please check if the new text is technically correct. 😉

Reviewer: This works in any of the global config options (eg env, config.json), so `config.js` can be removed here.

Author: ```suggestion
In all of the global config options the `repositories` array can be an object:
```

How about this then?

```js
{

>   repositories: [ { repository: 'g/r', bumpVersion: true } ],

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  repositories: [
    { repository: 'g/r1', bumpVersion: true },
    'g/r2'
  ],
```

## repositories

> If you define a `repositories` array in your global config then its elements can each be an object:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Elements in the `repositories` array can be an object if you wish to define additional settings:
```

Reviewer: This sounds good to me

> If define a `repositories` array in then your global config then its elements can each be an object:

Author: ```suggestion
If define a `repositories` array in your global config then its elements can each be an object:
```

## repositories

> If define a `repositories` array in then your global config then its elements can each be an object:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If define a `repositories` array in your global config then its elements can each be an object:
```
